lib/formats: fix #133802 (#133807)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2111.section.md

- Zfs: `latestCompatibleLinuxPackages` is now exported on the zfs package. One can use `boot.kernelPackages = config.boot.zfs.package.latestCompatibleLinuxPackages;` to always track the latest compatible kernel with a given version of zfs.

- Nginx will use the value of `sslTrustedCertificate` if provided for a virtual host, even if `enableACME` is set. This is useful for providers not using the same certificate to sign OCSP responses and server certificates.

> - `lib.formats.yaml`'s `generate` will generate the well known YAML instead of JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `lib.formats.yaml`'s `generate` will not generate JSON anymore, but instead use more of the YAML-specific syntax.
```

Author: Added in the last commit
